From swizzler at toja.com  Tue Dec 29 09:46:18 2009
From: swizzler at toja.com (Tozier Mamaril)
Date: Tue, 29 Dec 2009 09:46:18 +0100
Subject: [Reportasistent-list] kling, and besides, there w
Message-ID: <4B39C12F.5070607@ark.be>

Ickly Frank saw a sight that filled him with dismay. A young girl was
crossing the open stretch, and as her back was toward them, of course
she had not as yet discovered the presence of the biplane. Racing back
of the girl, and evidently meaning to overtake her, was a savage-looking
dog; and it required no effort on Frank's part to understand that the
intention of the brute was decidedly hostile. Frank was a lad of prompt
action. He instantly sent the aeroplane downward, aiming for the running
dog; and at the same time starting to shout at the top of his voice, in
which last Andy joined with him. The animal, attracted by the clamor,
looked up, and seeing that monster bird as he believed swooping down at
him, turned tail with frightened yelps and ran away. There was nothing
for it now but to alight, since they had already darted close to the
earth; and accordingly Frank proceeded to accomplish this feat as gently
as possible. It happened that the biplane came to a stop close to the
girl, who was standing there staring, as though hardly understanding
what it all meant. Andy hopped out the first thing even though he
happened to be holding the monkey wrench in his hand at the time, having
snatched it up in his excitement when he first discovered the
threatening peril of the girl. He had just reached her side, and was
starting to speak when a warning shout from Frank, still in his seat
aboard the aeroplane, caused Andy to look around. "The dog! Take care,
he's going to attack you!" was what Frank shouted. Apparently the ugly
beast had already recove
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: ogle.jpg
Type: image/jpeg
Size: 11226 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/reportasistent-list/attachments/20091229/30193469/attachment.jpg>

