From amazonite at vermet.com  Wed Sep  2 14:16:22 2009
From: amazonite at vermet.com (Mogus Gavinski)
Date: Wed, 02 Sep 2009 14:16:22 +0200
Subject: [Reportasistent-list] nts, and establishing a ba
Message-ID: <4A9E6087.2020105@vermet.com>

 any of them should get out of fix." Passing through Cumberland Gap,
they continued their long journey until they reached Price's Meadow, in
the present Wayne County, Kentucky, where they established their
encampment. In the course of their explorations, during which they gave
various names to prominent natural features, they established their
"station camp" on a creek in Sumner County, Tennessee, whence originated
the name of Station Camp Creek. Isaac Bledsoe and Gasper Mansker,
agreeing to travel from here in opposite directions along a buffalo
trace passing near the camp, each succeeded in discovering the famous
salt-lick which bears his name--namely Bledsoe's Lick and Mansker's
Lick. The flat surrounding the lick, about one hundred acres in extent,
discovered by Bledsoe, according to his own statement "was principally
Covered with buffelows in every direction--not hundreds but thousands."
As he sat on his horse, he shot down two deer in the lick; but the
buffaloes blindly trod them in the mud. They did not mind him and his
horse except when the wind blew the scent in their nostrils, when they
would break and run in droves. Indians often lurked in the neighbourhood
of these hunters--plundering their camp, robbing them, and even shooting
down one of their number, Robert Crockett, from ambush. After many
trials and vicissitudes, which included a journey to the Spanish Natchez
and the loss of a great mass of peltries when they were plundered by
Piomingo and a war party of Chickasaws, they finilly reached home in the
late spring of 1770." The most notable expedition of this period,
projected under the auspices of two bold leaders extraordinarily skilled
in woodcraft, Joseph Drake and Henry Scaggs, was organized in the early
autumn of 1770. This imposing band of stalwart hunters from the New
River and Holston country, some forty in number, garbed in hunting
shirts, leggings, and moccasins, with three pack-horses to each man,
rifles, ammunition, traps, dogs, blankets, and salt, pushed boldly
through Cumberland Gap into the heart of what was later justly named the
"Dark and Bloody Ground" (see Chapter XIV)--"not doubting," says an old
border chronicler, "that they were to be encountered by Indians, and to
subsist on game." From the duration of their absence from home, they
receive
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: respecified.jpg
Type: image/jpeg
Size: 9806 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/reportasistent-list/attachments/20090902/995b074d/attachment.jpg>

